# Expression-Evaluator-Java

## Project Overview:
This Expression Evaluator, does exactly what it sounds like, it evaluates mathema+cal expressions. This can also be referred to a Calculator. The calculator programmed here, evaluates addi+on, subtrac+on, mul+plica+on, division, exponents, and even takes parenthesis into account. Since it takes all the previously stated operators into account when mathema+cally commu+ng an expression, it is also capable of using PEMDAS, which is the order (from leW to right) that mathema+cal expressions and equa+ons are solved in: Parenthesis, Exponents, Mul+plica+on, Division, Addi+on, and Subtrac+on. This expression evaluator is also linked to a GUI (Graphic User Interface) calculator; which makes it easier for the user to simply use this code as if they were using an actual calculator.

How to Build/Import your Project
Once you copy the HTTP link from GitHub, from my repository, you can use your terminal to perform git clone and it will clone a repository into a new directory. An easier way might be to go to GitHub and search for the GitHub repository link (https://github.com/adadallison/Expression-Evaluator-Java). If you press code, now you can see ‘Download ZIP files,’ which will allow the folder to directly download to your computer. To import the files correctly, you can open your IDE and selected “import project,” select the folder and be sure to select the calculator folder as the source root of your project. The project should be named “calculator.”
